Brad Dimitri
[Music]
about 6:00 a.m. it is very early one day
and her squad
I think I'm gonna see
it's a parable super
we're going surfing all in the same day
only in California
reunited with some of the New York City
crew what is your name my name is Eric
and I am a youtuber I do like travel
video there's daily vlogs Saturn New
York City yes yes Eric stay like a month
ago so you probably don't
we're not subscribe
the worst in this trip y'all are gonna
get so many people to subscribe to
fingers ready this is the reason why
record was a professional Nixon
go be sporty in the mountains first time
ever surfing I've never surfed before
he's served so he's going to teach me
and I can't switch it over excu the
right yeah cuz I've been seeing skiing
is easier I've been skiing - maybe I'll
convincing
Squad some of the people who are hanging
out Sam Shepard
a sleepy shonduras and this is the rest
of the crew I'll I'll intra throughout
the day so we're gonna be followed
around all day these awesome huge Alexa
minis right
yes and here sound guy he doesn't have a
name just sound guys
we have arrived look what's behind me
snow think about today so I gotta move
quick so we're snowboarding and skiing
for four hours or headed by a bus for
surfing but first
[Music]
the mission is for what we're doing
today or living your life outside it's
altered rugged because attend a tea and
water
you're gonna be able to fall in the snow
get the watch wet and not worry about
losing any of the functionality of the
Android their microphone we are here on
Mountain High
we were headed up for our first run here
with Eric so Eric is your first time
snoring yes nervous I'm more excited
than nervous yeah strangely confident
that I'm gonna did you think I should
drone first or second uh second just
gonna run in Sean Doris are you pumped
100% at the top of the mountain we are
about to embark on our first first run
[Music]
Pizza Pizza visa
first rundown you didn't fall I thought
that mice okay Eric fell once um I
didn't fall which is good that's what I
needed that I just took it took it slow
a lot of pizza and now now it's time to
shred guys
[Music]
take you down
don't let them take you down
take your heartache
[Music]
so unbelievably fun the only place that
I've ever skied or snowboard is
Breckenridge Colorado and there you have
to wait like 45 minutes just to get up
the mountain
it wasn't freezing not a lot of people
on the mountain and you could just shred
it was so incredible now we are headed
to go surfing
pulling what they call the California
devil so
[Music]
we're having lots of fun guys locks this
is my first time ever hang out with Sara
and we're basically BFFs to basically
I've totally taken Sam's position as her
how do you feel about that since that's
[Music]
so we are now in in Cetus we just change
into some wetsuits and we're about to go
surfing I'm terrified I've never been
surfing before
[Music]
these news
are in the same
[Music]
so I just got done surfing I'm terrible
but it's like really challenging and I
see how it can be a blast if you're good
at it so I'm gonna have to try this
again but now I'm just headed back into
the water for all the people who know
they're doing our surfing just look oh
look at where we are that's amazing
I just cannot handle this view
[Music]
you guys do not follow me on snapchat if
you need to follow me on snapchat I am
having so much freaking fun with these
spectacles you don't know spectacles are
it's basically you hit this button and
see the bright light it starts recording
and I'm snapchatting right now how did
surfing go surfing was amazing yeah
because you know how to serve and so
Eric was crushing it it out there didn't
go so well for me in photos so freaking
blast and now the only way to end the
night
an epic and epic day is yes we're going
to eat in no time I look a mess I'm so
exhausted I tried to nap on the two-hour
drive back to LA and it was a rough
today was freaking unreal skiing surfing
all in the same day I got to hang out
with the coolest people ever I'm so
great to hang out with shonduras and my
New York squad I met a lot of great
other instagramers I'll link as many
people as I can down below and man today
just live in life guys living living my
best life I am actually staying in
California but tomorrow I go to a new
place so I can't wait to show some fun
faces in the next couple of logs until
next time guys stay peachy okay bye so
I'm gonna go to bridgit mendler show
it's gonna be epic and I'm gonna get to
me pal well have a great show I'll be in
the
crowd cheering YouTube Hill you know I'm
out there I'm stoked for you guys